whatever everyone is made from kicks and
sitcom and you are tuned into the cakes
in the city comm sneaker spot before we
get into the episode do you remember you
can follow kicks in the city comm on
Twitter Instagram and Pinterest at kicks
in the city and you can like us on
facebook at kicks in the city comm you
can follow me personally on twitter and
instagram at at Maze Runner and I'll put
all the information in the description
box on YouTube now to all my old G
subscribers I want to thank you all for
sticking around I know it's been a
minute since I put up a video but I
really hope to put up videos more
regularly soon and to all my new
subscribers really thank you all for
jumping onboard now today in the casein
sitcom sneaker spot we're gonna be
taking a look at the adidas tubular now
the adidas tubular along with the adidas
ZX flux are the two big breakout new
style stories for a Diaz originals this
year the adidas tubular is not designed
by Kanye West and it is not the Yeezy
three
surfaced on the internet a while back
with Kanye West's face and the idea is
tubular in front of it Kanye has nothing
to do with the adidas tubular the adidas
to liver is actually designed by Nick
Galloway who is the vice president of
global design at adidas Originals
the sneaker gets its inspiration from
the original adidas tubular which
dropped a while back and the outsole
which is inspired by inner tube tires so
you could see that right here it's a
tube-like formation going around the
foot so that's where it gets its name
from now officially the name of the
sneaker is adidas tubular runner which
I'm gonna assume is to distinguish it
between this sneaker and the original
adidas tubular now the adidas tubular
like I said it was designed by Nick
Galway who also designed the adidas y3
Casas which you can see here in the in
the silhouette of the sneaker he
designed that in collaboration with
Yohji Yamamoto of Adidas y3 so the deed
is tubular features a very lightweight
sock like upper neoprene upper with very
very very minimal stitching throughout
it's only you can only see the stitching
right here on the side where they added
some new book and leather but it's
mostly a very minimal sock like neoprene
upper now has a very futuristic design
gah way made sure to give nods back to
the heritage of adidas running and you
can see that right here in the eyelets
and on the heel counter which both take
inspiration from the ZX line of adidas
runners most notably the d-does ZX 8000
so on
11:21 which is November 21st which is
the release date of the adidas tubular
adidas will be dropping 4 colorways of
the sneaker a black white a maroon white
a navy white and a grey white and
they're all gonna be available at select
adidas retailers retail will be a
hundred and ten dollars now when you're
looking at the sneaker depending on what
angle you're looking at it at and and
and what kind of picture you're looking
at it from the sneaker it might look a
little bulky but I will tell you when
it's on foot it has a very very
streamline and slim fit to the foot so
it's you know it looks a lot different
and it has a great appeal on foot now we
did post some pictures of the sneaker on
foot
courtesy of n clothing in the UK on
kicks and stay calm I'll drop a link to
that in the description as well so you
could see the sneaker on foot because
like I said has a very very nice on foot
appeal now in terms of comfort it's a
very comfortable sinker obviously which
you can probably assume from that you
know thick tubular outsole now it's
definitely not as comfortable as adidas
boots sneakers adidas boots are probably
the most comfortable sneakers I've ever
worn in my entire life but it is very
comfortable and it's almost there almost
adidas boost comfort quality I would
love to see the sneaker with an adidas
boost so I think that would be pretty
ill so comfort wise very comfortable
very lightweight very streamlined and
form-fitting to the foot when it's on
and like I said it's a very futuristic
design which also has nods back to the
Heritage of Adidas running dropping
11:21 retails $110 for colorways now
also I do know that adidas has a lot
planned for the sneaker the four
colorways are really just a taste of
what's to come they're going to be doing
material flips on the upper pattern
flips in the upper I saw a pair a week
or so ago back at the my ZX flux
exhibition space in New York that had a
reflective
three stripes hit right here which
looked really dope so adidas has a lot
plan for the tubular it's gonna be
around for a while and like I said it's
one of the breakout stories of the year
for adidas Originals and they've been
having a big big year already so they're
adding another hit into the mix so
that's the adidas tubular I'll bring up
bro sneaker so you can see them there
you go and like I said dropping 1121
retail is $110 I've select adidas
accounts you can always check out more
on kicks in city.com make sure to check
out kicks and sitcom every day for your
sneaker info release dates videos
features and all that and until the next
video y'all I maze from kicks and sitcom
peace